Factors that can be included while determining day trading crypto strategies:
#1 Volume
By trading volume, you can understand the popularity of particular crypto, 
and the amount of activity that happens around that coin or token. 
A cryptocurrency must have considerable volume for day trading. 
A good trading volume is an indication of a healthy investment. 
Cryptocurrency trading volume is determined by the number of trades. 
The higher the number of trades, the better the volume.
#2 Volatility
Volatility refers to the price fluctuation, that is predominant in the cryptocurrency market which means 
the digital asset can be either a success or a failure for the trader. 
For day trading, one should choose a cryptocurrency with upward price volatility 
so that you can make a profit as and when it spikes.
It is not unusual for a coin price to fluctuate by 10-50% in a day.
#3 Cryptocurrency Exchanges
You must remember that the crypto you choose must be supported by the reputable exchanges.
Mostly the day traders store their asset in cryptocurrency exchanges which is quite risky, 
so the security is high. 
You must look out for the number of coins listed on the exchange along with transparency and transaction fees.
#4 Recent News
News can affect any industry and if it's good, the prices might rise and vice versa. 
Cryptocurrency industry is sensitive to negative news as it is not regulated, unlike fiat currencies. 
Popularity and impressions play an important role in the cryptocurrency industry as its being managed 
by people all across the world.
#5 Active Team
For any crypto project success, you must see how active the team is! 
The more they are active, the more prompt they can be in answering your queries.
A strong and active team is helpful as they send regular updates regarding the particular token or coin.
Let’s not digress and move directly to day trading. 
Understanding and using Risk Management and Position Sizing is literally the
most important thing you can do to improve your trading!
When considering any trade, you need to know three different prices: 
• Your Entry Price (the price you buy at) 
• Your Stop Loss Price (the price where you exit an unsuccessful trade) 
• Your Take Profit Price (your target price where you will close the trade) 
Managing risk means that in any trade, your potential loss (or Risk) is limited to an amount that you determine in 
advance. 
The suggested Risk is 1% of trading capital per trade. 
Using a 1% Risk level protects your capital when you eventually run into a string of losing trades.
If you lose on 5 consecutive trades, you’ve only lost 5% of your capital, 
which can be recovered quickly. 
New traders and those with a smaller amount of trading capital may be better off risking only 0.5% at first, while 
more experienced traders may risk as much as 3%. 
Anything greater than 3% Risk is not recommended. 
You manage Risk by using a Stop Loss order. 
The potential loss in a trade is determined by the difference between your Entry Price and 
your Stop Loss Price. 
The Stop Loss order limits your loss to whatever amount you already determined as your acceptable Risk (1% of 
your trading capital, for example). 
The level for your Stop Loss should always be derived from a proper analysis, and not by picking an arbitrary 
number. 
A Stop Loss order is designed to get you out of a bad trade with minimal loss of capital. 
Do not get discouraged if your Stop Loss gets hit! Its part of the plan, its expected and normal to get stopped out 
of a trade.
• We suggest that you do not enter more than 2 or 3 trades at a time. 
It can be difficult to effectively manage more than 3 trades at once.